# A Blockchain solution to BGP Route Hijacking and False Advertisment

## Team Members: Geoff, Joseph and Nick

## Problem Statement
Problem Statement: The internet contains Autonomous Systems (AS) of ISP that can communicate with each other and advertise certain paths to websites and servers. BGP routers can however advertise a prefix that does not belong to its own AS, which illegitimately announces the prefix. This results in traffic redirection away from its destination and towards its own AS. This is known as BGP route hijacking. The real security risk is when malicious attackers announce some false prefix which leads to a fake site that can access user information and other credentials allowing the attacker to steal money, information and other credentials.

## Status Quo
Passkeys can solve a large amount of issues such as data breaches, human inadequate password creation, and phishing. The high level overview of how passkeys work is as follows, a user has a device which they can either access via a PIN or a biometric. Now when a user creates an account and wants to create a passkey to that account on the web server, the user simply presses a button and a private key is created that is stored in the users device and a public key is created on the server. The user accesses its account by performing some challenge, which is the device requests accass to the account from the server; The server responds with a challenge that is encrypted using the users public key (e.g. what word have I encrypted); Since the private key that can decrypt this message or challenge is only present on the true users device, only the true user can decrypt and pass this challenge, gaining access to the account. Some issues with the passkey implementation are syncing functionality. One solution may be having an intermediary server that holds all the passkeys to all the accounts. Accessing accounts then requires authenticating with this intermediary, then from the server going to the web server (The authentication for the intermediary server can either be done with another passkey or password, etc.). Another issue is scalability, specifically many application and web servers dont support passkey functionality. This would require a lot of software changes across many web applications.
